the gaming laptops that we've seen so
far in 2019 have been pretty expensive
so Nvidia launched their r-tx 20 series
laptops which were pretty powerful but
they were just crazy expensive and there
just aren't a lot of ray-traced games
out there right now it's really make use
of it but recently there was a tweet
from a guy named mo mo mo who showcased
a series of leaks from MSI's upcoming
gaming laptop now these pictures look
like there's some kind of marketing
material and it's from China I'm
assuming but there's two things of
interest here there looks to be a new
CPU from Intel and a new GPU from Nvidia
the gtx 1650 so this graphics chip is
kind of like an entry level gaming chip
it's not super high level it's not super
powerful but because it's entry-level
it's going to be for cheaper gaming
laptops and the interesting thing here
is that the performance that's showing
looks to be quite a big step up from the
1050 Ti from last generation now it's
using 3d mark 11 which is a pretty dated
benchmark and they're probably using a
benchmark to kind of showcase as big of
a difference as possible but that's
actually a pretty important step up in
performance because the 1050 Ti that
this is going to be replacing was a
decent card but it was just a little shy
from that 60 frames per second goal that
any kind of entry level gaming tries to
hit and this new GPU looks like it'll
hit that pretty comfortably across a
large spread of games this is a GPU
that's for entry level gaming laptops
right so they're gonna be cheaper
devices like seven eight hundred bucks
to start maybe like 651 that's on sale
and this kind of performance at that
price point is just really good most of
the current titles right now including
more demanding games will be able to hit
60 frames per second at 1080 p on this
GPU which is really nice to see on an
entry level gaming device and we'll all
spill to see this GPU in I'm assuming
devices like the XPS 15 so kind of like
premium devices that are thin and light
that try to pack a GPU in there to be
able to get someone that's a step up
from the previous generation is also
really nice the other thing this leaks
showed was the new 9th gen Intel CPU
like their mobile CPU the 9750 H and
this looks to be a pretty substantial
difference based on that benchmark of
the showing once again it is marketing
material and I don't even know what
benchmark they're using but that looks
to be a cup right
big number now I look this up on other
benchmarks there's another leak that
showed a benchmark of the CPU and it
looked to be about a 13% increase in
performance over last year's model which
is not massive or anything but it is
nice like it's kind of expected that
kind of like 10 to 15% improvement
year-on-year and personally I'm more
inclined to believe that 13% spread from
the pass mark benchmark then that
massive spread on MSI's marketing
material but who knows thermally I also
have no idea how that's going to perform
but my gut feeling is that that 9750 H
is gonna run pretty hot as well but
that's basically it new CPUs and new
GPUs that will probably give the 2019
gaming laptop lineup a nice kind of like
step up at the bottom end it's just a
bump up in performance I think the
bigger picture for me here is that the
1050 Ti on laptops came out over two
years ago
so we basically waited two years for a
23% improvement in performance and it
kind of speaks volumes about how Nvidia
has a control on the whole GPU market
right now especially in the mobile
division but it's also a statement -
like how Nvidia kind of looks at their
r-tx hardware I feel like they want the
industry to move towards ray-tracing and
I think it will it's just gonna be a few
years for I want to get on board but in
the meantime they have this kind of
stopgap product the GTX 1650 and I'm
assuming a 16 60 at some point but these
are kind of bump ups for the low to mid
tier gaming laptop
you